Thank you very much for joining me for
this course on the product design,
where we're gonna also look at
prototyping the role of design systems,
all that kind of good stuff.
And I think probably a good place to
start is for me to introduce myself
a little bit, and why I've decided
to do this particular workshop.
So my name is Paul Boag.
Now, the next bit is going to be
really hard for you to believe, but
trust me, it's true.
I've been working in
the industry 30 years now.
I know I don't look like I would have been
born 30 years ago, but what can I say?
I've aged very well.
So, I've spent 30 years
working in digital and
primarily focusing around user
experience and that side of things.
But when you've been working
in the industry this long,
you have done development too, and
you have done pretty much everything
you can imagine over that time.
But I've also got extensive experience
in designing web apps, which is really
the heart for product design is about,
and where we're gonna be focusing today.
So, I've worked with all kinds
of different companies for
all different kinds of things.
I've worked on enterprise web apps before.
I've worked on B2C, SaaS companies, and
worked with across range
of different sectors.
I'm everything you could possibly imagine,
some of my clients
include people like Shopify,
Puma, UK government, UNICEF.
So as you can see, pretty much quite
a wide range of different projects and
different work over that time.
So, I'm hoping I tell you
this not to show off,
although obviously I'm amazing, but
[LAUGH] primarily to say that what I'm
gonna talk about today will apply
in almost all circumstances, right?
So, whether you work on government
procurement applications or
whether you work on the trendy
latest Silicon Valley start up,
then hopefully there'll be
something here for you.
So, what are we going to look at?
Well basically, this workshop breaks
down into kind of five different
sections that we're gonna
work through over the day.
We gonna start by looking at
Product Design Fundamentals, right?
Answering basic questions like,
what is product design?
Cuz you'd think that be
an easy question to answer,
but no, it's,
people can't agree on anything these days.
So, we're gonna talk
about that a little bit.
We're also gonna talk about the role of
Use Cases and understand your audience,
and understanding what they're trying
to achieve through your applications.
And for those of you who've seen my
course on user research and testing,
you might recognize the term top task,
where we talk a little bit about how to
identify the main things that somebody
wants to do through your application,
and how to build around those.
Then we gonna spend a bit of
time talking about Figma, and
prototyping in Figma,
and the role of Figma.
Increasingly Figma has become
the go-to tool when it comes to
creating prototypes for SAS applications.
And prototyping is a crucial part of the
process of creating any kind of web app.
So, we're gonna look at that.
We're then gonna explore
testing our prototypes, and
which is obviously fundamental to the
success of any kind of web application,
putting in front of real people, and
getting their real reactions to it.
And then finally,
I'm gonna circle back down around
to the subject of design systems.
Now, design systems are useful
in all kinds of scenarios, but
particularly when we're talking about
a web application, as you're adding
new functionality and new things to your
application over time, having a good and
easy way to prototype those things and
then build them is crucial for success.